The most common type of blinds are called slat blinds. They consist of many horizontal slats, usually made of metal or vinyl, which are connected to a rope so that they can rotate to allow light to pass between the slats, rotating about 170 degrees so that the light is hidden or pulled upwards. that the entire window is clear. The vertical blinds consist of a rigid fabric, plastic or metal suspended at one end by a track, like the horizontal versions. They can rotate 90 degrees to allow light to pass or bend on one side of the door. Vertical blinds control the amount of natural or external light that enters the room. This is due to the ability of the slats to close tightly.

Window blinds consist of horizontal slats, one of which is on top of the other. These are basically slat blinds made of metal or plastic. Sometimes wooden slats are used and are known as wooden blinds or bamboo blinds. These are held with strips of cloth called ribbons or ropes. No matter what is used, all the slats in unison can rotate about 180 degrees. You can rotate the slats so that they overlap one side inward and the other side in the opposite direction so they overlap with the other side facing you. inside. You can assign different degrees of separation between these degrees between the slats by varying the rotation. There are also lifting cords that pass through the slots in each splint. When someone pulls on the cable, the lower part of the blind moves up, so the lower leaf presses on the lower part of the highest leaf when the shutter is lifted. There is a modern variant of the hoisting ropes that combines them with the ropes in the grooves on the two edges of each lath.

Vertical blinds are less prone than horizontal blinds to be damaged by high winds and to retain dirt. You will find fixed vertical blinds hanging on the doors of some houses and businesses that will generally leave the door open. Any movement of the blind will indicate a change in air flow or someone entering the door. The most common type is made of thick plastic.

Cellular Blinds are also known as Honeycomb blinds. They derive their name from their shape that is made of individual cells that are stuck together. When you look from the side, it looks like a honeycomb. These blinds are very energy efficient. They will obtain their energy efficiency from the air pockets created by the cells. They are available in light filter fabrics, as well as in darkened fabrics.
